hi all you dearly beloved gamers out
there is and she your hero and your
amazing goddess from high heaven I don't
know um and today I play as a very
strapping young pixely lad in have you
seen Kate or has anyone seen Kate
have I seen Kate have you seen I don't
know um this is a some kind of horror
game I have no clue I found this I don't
remember and I let's just jump right in
you guys just sit back Lex and that's
game on as usual
then let's slide across the floor cuz I
love doing that sorts of things those
sorts of things those kind of
shenanigans what is going on here I got
a pink distracting shelf here I don't
even know what this is I'm kind of TV or
something and I could slide off the
screen how lovely
okay let's continue I like how this guy
is very melancholy about everything he's
like hmm hmm I wonder where Katers I won
or Miss caters oh maybe she's in my room
Mary's in another room I don't know I
don't know I wonder are Kate what oh I
don't work see what oh oh
who's Kate is that my son is that my
daughter I don't remember I don't
remember I'm losing my kids all the time
okay
oh well he's got his um he's got his
doors very nicely marked you know
outside Kate's room that that's that
comes in handy sometimes when you get
lost in your own home and there's a
coffee shop outside his house that's
that's lovely
oh is I'm gonna pop out at me in the
broad daylight Oh No
hey Terry how's it goin today and enter
slash the flash flash flash enter pretty
good
everything Kay underwear I misplace her
oh no no I was actually a bit worried
when she didn't come in and get her
daily dose of expresso what the what the
okay I guess time is time is skipped all
the Sun no nose this guy's I've got a
creepy shape-shift shape-shifting time
shifting person I have no idea what what
is this is this some kind of it what's
going on oh my gosh oh my gosh hi Kate
hello Kate Oh
Oh No Kate has killed me what the what
has anyone seen Kate presenter wait what
is that it wait a second are you serious
is that the whole game what I want to
work Kate what she just killed me than
last night I want to work see what she
got my heart you know I need that I kind
of need that to live I got a need that I
gotta get my heart back from my daughter
okay lalalalala go to coffee shop hey
mister coffee shop man what you doing
what you do you big crazy I want some
expresso and and two Frappuccino thank
you thank you okay alright let's
continue oh no sounds gonna come up
behind me oh no oh it didn't come I was
in here I forgot it's in here oh no
who's that my wife and Kate kill my wife
as well oh no this game is just horrid
it's just it's horrid okay die found you
okay I guess that's it Wow well I gotta
admit that gave me a jump-scare I mean
it's easy to give me a jump scare but
you know it was it was fun I mean I was
entertained I don't give him that I was
entertained
um I I hope you guys enjoyed this
playthrough of has anyone seen my
wonderful daughter Kate um if you like
me please subscribe and like me because
I like you and I hope you gamers keep
gaming on and I will see you guys soon
be careful not to lose your children or
you might create a game such as this bye
we're at me sentry